AdWords API Object Statistics Extension
=======================================

This folder contains the source code for the AdWords API Object Statistics
Chrome Extension. This extension demonstrates the use of the AdWords API
JavaScript Client Library in a Chrome extension environment.

This simple extension uses to the CampaignService, AdGroupService,
AdGroupCriterionService and AdGroupAdService services to pull and show
statistics of you account Campaigns, Ad Groups, Ads and Criteria.

Source Code
-----------

The JavaScript source code is broken in three script files:
js/extension/awapiloader.js, js/extension/settingsloader.js and
js/extension/uimanager.js

js/extension/awapiloader.js implements the logic to communicate with the AdWords
API via the JS client library. It also implements simple caching mechanisms to
avoid unnecessary round-trips to the API servers.

js/extension/settingsloader.js implements the logic to retrieve and store the
extension settings in Chrome local storage.

js/extension/uimanager.js implements all the logic to update the extension UI.

The UI code is implemented in two files: popup.html and options.html

popup.html contains all the UI widgets/templates/code used by the extension to
present your account object statistics.

options.html contains all the code that gets presented in the options tab of
the extension.

The manifest.json file contains the extension configuration, notice the
permissions property is asking for permissions to allow XHR post against the
API end-points.

Compilation
-----------

The extension build script, located in the bin folder, uses Google Closure
compiler to minify the extension code. Before you can use this script you need
to have Closure, which is included in zip format in the root library js folder,
unpackaged.

The build script will generate a single extension.js file inside the
js/extension folder.

By default a compiled extension.js file is provided so the extension is ready
to be installed.

Installation
------------

In order to install the extension you must open "Tools->Extensions", open
"Developer mode" and click "Load unpacked extension...". Then search for the
folder where the extension was unpackaged (right where this README file
resides).

Where do I submit bug reports and/or feature requests?
------------------------------------------------------

Use the issue tracker at

  http://code.google.com/p/google-api-adwords-js/issues/list


External Dependencies:
----------------------

Google Closure library http://code.google.com/closure/ - Included in the
library root js folder.

Author:
    api.davidtorres@gmail.com (David Torres)
